Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me. Well, I
have some things I want to say real
quick about what we prayed about in
our live stream six days ago, or whatever
it was. You'll look at the
timestamp.
I told you all the Lord said what's
happening in China is about to happen in
America with weather warfare.
It's going to pour down rain in an area,
and there will be massive flooding in a
matter of minutes, just like it was in
China. And I warned you all about that.
My son made a
short on it trying to warn you about
what's coming. And I said wind gusts
with
major hurricanes are coming. Super
storms, as they try to gain and control
storms, they will lose control. They will
escalate this thing, and it will get out
of control. And this is what's
happening. You see massive flooding like,
what is it, 16 inches? One graph said 12,
one said 16 inches in 4 hours.
That's a lot of rain. And
that's when the Lord showed me there'll
be places of snowstorms in the days
ahead in the winter, that there'll be so
much snow in an area people will have to
dig themselves out of their houses
because there's so much snow
that falls in such a short amount of
time. It will look like something that
is biblical. Boom! Snowstorms as
tall as their houses in a matter
of—just
like that is what I saw in the
spirit, and it happened, and people were
digging themselves out, and they were
buried in snow in certain cities, and
it
never happened before. I don't know
what that kind of average house
is—what
is that, six feet or more, so
eight feet of snow if you're digging
yourself out of your house. I mean,
that's a lot of snow. So,
another thing the Lord showed us
yesterday was Donald Trump
trying to create peace around the world
with de-escalating wars. And I saw
Canada in a great financial deficit. I
saw a great depression. Mark
was trying to tell everybody
everything was okay, but the
situation in Canada was dark
concerning finances. And I saw him trying
to make trade deals with Europe, trade
deals with Asia, trade deals trying to
save the economy of Canada. And every
single sector of Canada was different.
Some were worse than others. I believe
the
Toronto area was not as
bad as what Alberta was. So we see—I was
seeing things in the spirit, and the Lord
was warning me there's major economic
disaster coming. And I saw him
making alliances with Emmanuel
Macron,
the prime minister of Germany,
the king of England. These major
alliances were being made by war. I
saw the Pope involved in this, and the
Lord showed me major things, major
shifting, and they were trying to, because
Trump was—he was on the outs in the
vision. He was sitting in the Oval
Office, and they were trying to devise a
plan of how to support Zelensky without
the United States. And they weren't able
to really think of how can we do this
because of the superpower being out of
this. How do we keep funding and doing
this without the United States of
America? And I could see Trump turning
his back on these men, and he was looking
over his shoulder at them like, 'Are you
paying attention
that I'm not paying attention to
you?'Like,
you know, like you're ignoring
somebody. He was looking
over his shoulder, but he had a
scowl
on his face. Like he was
snarky, like,
'I'm turning my back on
you,'because
they weren't doing what he
wanted them to do. And that was to
de-escalate war. He wants peace. He was
saying, you know... And that's when I
saw, if you go back several more videos,
I saw the Berlin Wall. I saw the Berlin
Wall, and I saw it was in Germany, and
I saw half of Trump's face and I saw
half of Ronald Reagan's face. And I heard,
'Bring down that wall,
that iron curtain of communism,
of things like that.'And it was like
a type and shadow as Trump was operating
in this presidency of a Ronald Reagan.
And that's when I was seeing Cold War. I
was seeing the darkness of Cuba. And
the Lord said, 'Pay attention to
Cuba.'He
keeps bringing up Cuba over and over
and over and over again. Even in this
last video, I saw Cuba, and it was
highlighted again, but it was completely
dark. And the Lord said, 'Pay attention
to Cuba.
There's much darkness
here.'So,
we see the prophetic words are
starting to be just like the Lord told
us they'd be. The
birthing pains are
back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back.
It's happening right in
front of us. Major disasters, major
warnings. And then Paul Begley made a
video, Pastor Paul Begley on his
channel—it's
PaulBegleyProphecy.com,
I believe, on YouTube—and they talked
about a major
asteroid. This is like a planet. And if
you go back several more videos, if my
son maybe can put this in there, he'll
show you where it is, of where I told you
all, 'I see a dark object. It looks like
a planet. There's something coming. I
don't know what this is. I believe it's
Planet X. I believe there's
something.'But
it looked like a dark object, but it
didn't have any light on it, but
it looked like a rocky terrain is what
it looked like in this vision. It was
gray. It was a dark gray.
But this thing was ginormous,
and it was moving this direction. And I
was like, 'What am I seeing?'I mean, you
know, when I'm praying in the
spirit, you all, and I'm seeing this
stuff, I'm trying to decipher: is this
an asteroid that's about to... because I
keep telling you, fearful sights. I want
you to remember the words 'fearful
sights you will see
that will bring you to your
knees.'The
heavens are
going to be shaken in the days ahead.
Major signs in the heavens. The Lord
said five major things were about to
take place:
a shaking in the earth,
a shaking in the economy, a shaking in
politics, a shaking in the heavens, and
a shaking in the church.
Many people are going to start to go
home. The older generals are going to
start to go home. So, we just lost a
major voice, a 90-year-old
general just went home, Jimmy
Swaggart.
And the Lord said, 'These generals are
going to start to go home.'And he said,
'Brandon, nobody lives
forever, but you'll see a transition of
the elders to the young people. And
I'm raising up new voices. For the
elders are getting tired, Brandon, and
I'm raising up new young legs. Run. Take
my gospel, for you are the closers. You
are my closers. Take this gospel to
this
generation, this last generation. Bring
it home. Bring it home.'He's warning
us. 'I'm raising up... It's all hands on
deck, ladies and gentlemen.'That's what
the Lord was saying. But the other part
was, 'You are now going to enter a phase
that you're going to start to see things
in the heavens. Fearful sights you will
see that will bring them to their
knees.'And
I said, 'What does that
mean?'They're
going to be humbled and pray, 'for
men's hearts will fail them for fear,
looking after those things that are
coming upon the earth, for the powers of
the heavens shall be
shaken.'So
I go back to the video. Paul Begley
says NASA just released this thing
saying
that there's a major
planet-looking
asteroid that's headed between Mars and
Earth, and it's huge. Now, will we
be able to see this October 31st of
this year? It's moving that fast.
October 31st of this year, it's
going to come in between us, and we're
going to be—I don't know if we'll see it
or not. But what is it carrying behind
it? Usually, there's other debris.
There's other things. When a massive
object is moving that big and it's
coming, it carries stragglers. So, what
other little things? Because if this
thing is huge, like, I don't know, like
80 miles wide or bigger... Okay,
that's a massive rock. Moving this
direction. So, what else is coming
beside it and moving along with it? Those
are
the things that I'm curious about
because the Lord said to us we're going
to start to see things, but not
only would we see it, but there
would be things that come into the
Earth's atmosphere and hit the earth.
He's warned me. I've even told you I've
seen a massive rock hit by Miami. And
when it happened, it flooded inland, a
massive tsunami wave. It covered the
islands. It was a major devastation of
an event. And I thought, "Is this
tribulation that I'm looking
to?"because
some of the visions that the Lord gives
me when I'm praying, I know are in the
tribulation.
They're not all for right now. Some of
them I'm looking into another time frame
because I've been to the tribulation. The
Lord took me there. He took me out of my
body. I'm telling you, it lasted all
night long. It was the most amazing
experience probably I've ever had in my
life. I mean, it was
life-changing. I can tell you
everything is so real to me still
today. I see it like it was there 10
years ago. July the 6th of 2014, I had
this visitation, which is today. Today's
the 6th. As I make this video, I saw
Japan being split down the middle. I saw
it was so bad that it looked like
this: it was glowing with red fire. I
don't understand what that was about,
but the fire was coming up through the
crack of where it was split. It looked
like magma coming up through it. And as
it was being split, that lava was coming
up and I could see Japan was in
two pieces. And it was a pretty
big, substantial crack. Now, you know,
a little crack in your house,
you see it in the wall. This was major.
I would say probably a
10-miles-across
crack or more. It was major. It looked
like a major thing. That's just me
speculating now. So if it comes out and
it's 2 miles, so you've missed it was
only two miles. I saw a crack.
Same with what I've seen about America.
If you divide Jerusalem, I saw a major
splitting across America and it was
divided into two pieces. It was no
longer one solid piece of landmass. It
was split and they had to build bridges.
It was a major eruption,
fault line shift.
The same things I've seen about the
earthquakes in the ocean warning you
about, I saw shaking. Remember I told you
in the video yesterday, I saw one of
those buoys that was going up
and down, up and down. And the Lord
said, "This is activity underneath the
surface of the ocean that's about to
cause a major tsunami wave."And as I
was seeing it, I was looking at Japan.
And this buoy with the red light on it,
the waves were lifting it way up. It was
moving like a 100-foot move, you know, like
moving in the water. It wasn't like
barely moving up and down. I'm talking
rocking up and down, and this
wave was carrying this buoy up and down.
Now, I don't know where this was
directly, but right after in that
vision, I'm seeing Japan. So, and I saw
the buildings swing,
skyscrapers swing, moving around. One in
particular—I
want to say it was a
bunch of them, but I saw one in particular
and it was a
white-colored-looking
building with a lot of glass and it was
moving back and forth. If you go back
whenever I saw retribution coming
for the African-American people, the
Lord showed me a baby. He showed me a
baby that was being birthed in America
on the 4th of July. And I thought, "Well,
what in the world? How, what is that all
about, Lord?"And I saw a baby that
was—and
I don't mean any disrespect to
any baby that looks like this, but it
wasn't as pretty. The baby had one of
those little—I'll show you a picture
of what it looked like. Now, that baby
right there that you saw is like
what the baby I saw in the vision with
Israel, but it had a white banner with
blue and it said "Israel"across it. But
its
teeth were already in and they
looked
kind of crooked. They looked like they
were buck-looking teeth, you know, like
sticking out of this baby's mouth. And
it already had teeth. Now, I don't know
any infants that have teeth, but this
baby had teeth. And it wasn't that
pretty-looking,
but it had one
of those little curly cues on its
head, and it was Israel. It represented
Israel. Now, I'm just being real. And it
was kind of strange because I
even told Braden after it was over, "That
baby wasn't very cute-looking. It was
kind of funny-looking,"you know, because it
had teeth already and most babies don't. But
the baby that I saw over America looked
like one of those little Gerber
babies—the
Gerber food—real
chubby-looking
cheeks, and it was
a cute little baby snuggled up in
a blue banner that said
"USA". Well,
I said, "Lord, what is that, that you are
talking about, a new birthing of
America on the 4th of July? What was
that?"because
the 4th of July passed. He said,
"Brandon, what was signed on the 4th of
July?
The big beautiful bill.
The big beautiful bill."That was
the timeframe
of the birthing of a new
industrial revolution, a birthing of a
new age.
Do you see what happened? A major
$4.5 trillion budget bill was signed
into play for a wealth
transfer—a
new industrial revolution, a new
thing with crypto. And then they say,
"We're going to do this again on
the—we're
going to pass more bills on the
14th of July and we're going to do
this."And
then Ripple comes out and says, "Hey,
we're going to be—we're applying for a
bank. We're going to want to be a
bank."All
this is stemming off of this new BBB.
All this is stemming off of it. "We're going
to make crypto great. We're going to do
all this stuff."And, "Lord,
it is amazing."So,
as he signed it
on the 4th of July, the baby was born
anew,
and people are upset about it. But
I'm telling you all, I saw a financial
shift going clear into the fall. A
major—and
people going, "Well, this
is..."I
told you the dollar has to die. The
beast system will rise. The end times
are right at the door. And many people
are not looking. They have their head in
the sand. They have their head—they were
looking down at the ground and they were
so busy and so preoccupied at
work, their 8-to-5 Monday through
Friday, that they lost track of what was
ahead of them, and it's Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming. And the Lord told me,
he said, "Brandon, they don't know.
They're so busy
trying to pay their car payment, trying
to pay their mortgage, trying to get
their kids through college,
that they see something on social media
they get upset about, they look
up for a minute, and then
they go back into it."And I saw them,
you know, they mouth off a
little bit on social media, they type
away, keyboard warriors, and then they
go back into this, but they don't ever
try to act out against it. They just say
a couple of things, venting
on Facebook or whatever, and they just go
back into their little rut,
and they don't realize the
seriousness of the hour. They don't
realize the seriousness of the hour,
where we truly are in the end
times.
Many people don't realize. And he said,
"Brandon, I'm going to shake
America.
I'm going to shake the nations. And
there is going to be a major revival.
A major shaking to awaken is coming.
It's to get everybody's
attention."They
don't realize that the floods are coming,
just like it was with Noah, as in the days
of Noah. Do you know what I'm
talking about? The rains are coming. Not
really—this
time it's going to be
fire. But he said it's a type
and shadow. What I'm trying to warn you
is: are you on the boat?
Are you on the boat? As we see the
water rising. I told everybody
they're in a pot and the water's rising
and the temperature is rising, and people
don't even realize that
they're being cooked,
with the
thermometer
and all the things
that they're saying. I saw people trying
to build their kingdoms. I saw major
preachers with finances, with the
wall really thick, and they
were building their own
kingdom. They were building their
legacy, trying to establish a legacy for
their children's children's children
with ministry and doing these things. And
the Lord said, "Brandon, they're
off track. There are many wolves in
sheep's
clothing right now. They're not warning
what's happening and what's on my
heart."They're
speaking to the itching
ears with honey on their lips because
they don't want to lose
their popularity, but there's no urgency
coming from them. They're not telling
everybody that they need to repent and
come to Jesus because they're running
out of time. And he said, "They're
building up these walls."And I saw their
walls. I saw the finances. I saw what
they were trying to establish,
holding everything together with
all they had so that they could
maintain
the status quo. They don't want to
lose their notoriety by saying
something that will shake everybody out
of it. You know, "Well, that's
a little
controversial."I'll
be as controversial as the Holy
Spirit tells me to be. If all this
disappears tomorrow, I'll just go back
to selling even stronger on eBay
and Poshmark, or
Facebook Marketplace. It's what I've
done. Everything I've ever done,
I've always depended on God. When you
don't have much of an education like
me—I
have a GED
and I barely got that, do
you understand?—and when you come from
nothing and you work as hard as I have,
you just always depend on the Father
anyway. And that's just the way I've
done it. So, I don't have anything to
lose. If it all goes, this was a
fun ride. But I'm going to
speak as loud as I can what he tells
me to tell you. And he told me to tell
you it's time to repent and come back
to Jesus. It's time to repent and come
back to Jesus, as you see these days
approaching and they're getting
darker and darker
every single day. And the church should
be getting lighter and lighter.
This is the time that we rise and shine,
for the light has come and the glory of
the Lord has risen upon us. Ladies and
gentlemen, this is the time that we
stand
in that place of
receiving, with our nets out ready to
catch the harvest. The fish are coming
in by the millions; they're about to
come in by the millions. Do you have a
big enough net?
Is your church prepared for what's about
to take place? If you're going to wait
until it happens, you're already too
late.
You must prepare for the harvest before
the harvest is ripe. And the harvest is
ripe. It's already time. The wheat is
bending over. Do you understand? Jesus
was standing there and walking, and he
said, "Who will help me? The harvest
is
plentiful and the laborers
are few."And
he said, "Brandon, it's time to bring in
the harvest. We're already behind
schedule. If you are just now getting
ready, we should know the
news
before it happens. We're the news. We're
warning what's coming. Accuracy is
important in these last days,"the Lord
told me, "because people are
watching."And
he said, "I'm about to do something
major in Hollywood. I'm about to do
something major in Hollywood with major
celebrities.
A great deception is coming.
Many big celebrities are about to say,
'I know Jesus and everything's good with
me.'And
many Christians will follow and
go, 'Oh, yeah, they're
awesome.'But
they'll preach a universal gospel.
They'll preach a universal gospel: 'Oh,
there's more than one way to get to the
Father other than Jesus Christ. You
know, there's a bunch of ways to
heaven,'and
that is a false doctrine. There is
only one way to the Father, and that is
the Lord Jesus Christ.
There is only one way. Jesus is the way
to the Father."I saw Zelensky being a
puppet, and he was a
marionette. And he was moving around. He
was moving his hand. He was doing
exactly what NATO was telling him to do.
And he looked like Pinocchio.
His nose was growing, which means he's a
liar. And his hands were moving like
this, and he was Pinocchio. He
had red shorts on and a little
white-looking
top that looked like
Pinocchio, and his nose was growing as
he was moving. And he was doing exactly,
and the one who was moving him was Macron.
And Macron
had him and he was moving him
around like this. And
Macron
was
the main one, and the others, each
one was moving his arms and his legs as
he was dancing around in Ukraine.
And I saw Putin and he said, "We want all
of
it,"lying,
saying, "We'll come to the
table for peace."But back behind, he has
cards: "I just got to buy time until
Trump's out of office and I'm coming
after this. I want all of it
because I'm going to outlast him."That's what
he's saying.
I could hear them laughing,
laughing at Trump. "He thinks
he's telling us what to do. He's a fool.
We're going to outsmart
him."They
were
laughing at Trump.
"We laugh at you,
Trump."They
were laughing at him
because they were devising a plan and
waiting, biding their time. They're
like, "You're not even going to be here after
a
couple of years.
We're going to be ruling over the
U.S."And
I saw Kim Jong-un in this. I saw
China in this. I saw all these major
superpowers that don't have an election
every four years. They are able to
dominate and say, "Listen, say
what you want to, do what you want to,
but we want that and we want Poland,
too."And
I saw them taking back land and
being more... I saw an escalation of war
and I heard, "War,
war."And
I saw Canada and these people
creating war for the economy
because
the euro was in trouble
and they were trying to create war
to
stimulate
money.
Then I saw that the Lord said he was
upset about all the innocent blood that
was being shed in Ukraine. And
the Lord was saying, "They wouldn't
send their sons."As they're trying to
escalate war, they wouldn't send their
sons, these puppet masters, these people
that are doing this wouldn't send their
sons and their loved ones into battle.
And he was upset about it as
these young men are dying by the
tens of thousands, and the
30,000 North Koreans that are
going over there are going to die. And the
Lord said this is what he's upset
about. He said, "There is no
need for this war."That's what he said.
"It's all about material gain.
They're doing it for
money."And
then I saw lights in the Vatican. I saw
windows with lights that looked like
candles in the Vatican, and I didn't
know what all that was, and I
thought that was kind of interesting,
too. But that was all. I mean, I know
that was a big
recap, but I just felt it was necessary
today. So, we pray over what the Lord
has told us, and we're going to see if
there's anything new today that he wants
to show us. And I pray, like I said, I
pray this blesses you. "Father, you were
wounded for our transgressions. You
were bruised for our
iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace was upon you, and with your
stripes, Lord, we are healed."And we
lift up this body right now in the name
of Jesus. And we thank you, Father, that
you died, you rose again, you
suffered for every single one of us, and
we're healed in the name of Jesus. And
we receive it.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over
every single one of us right now. And we
make much of the blood. And we thank
you, Lord. We apply the blood of Jesus
over us today,
this morning. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we are covered by the blood. We
thank you, Lord. We plead the blood over
our finances, over our houses, over our
children, over my wife, our
husbands,
whoever you have. Father, we
thank you, Lord, that the blood covers
our family, and we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us will prosper.
We apply the blood of Jesus. And we
thank you Lord that we are washed in the
blood father and all our sins are
forgiven in Jesus name. We take this
father in
Jesus'name.
Lord, thank you Lord.
Thank you, Father, for the prophetic
utterance. Thank you for being a
watchman
on the wall that we see and
hear what's coming.
We're not ensnared by any satanic or
demonic force. We follow after you,
Father, with all our heart, mind, soul,
and strength. We follow after you. And
we thank you, Father. We thank you,
Father, for the blood. We thank you,
Father, for the glory. We thank you,
Father, for the outpouring of
the spirit like we've never seen before
in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. I
know there's a lot of people
who
have needs. There's a lot going on right
now in a lot of people's lives. But
first off, I want to say thank you,
Father, for protecting America.
There was no major attack on the Fourth
of July. There was no major attack,
Father, on our nation, no major
terrorist attack. There was nothing. You
provided protection for us. And Lord,
you are so good. Thank you, Lord, that
nothing happened in the
Macy's parade or fireworks show or
whatever happened. There was no major
event of terrorist activity. You
protected the nation's capital. Again,
you protected Dallas. You protected Fort
Worth. You protected Houston, and
all around Denver.
You said to pray over San Francisco. You
said to pray over Father, we interceded
over Seattle. We thank you, Lord, that
you protected these areas, for protecting
our nation, for protecting us. Father,
you're so good to us, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We worship you, Father.
We give you praise and glory and honor
for all that you've done and all that
you're yet to do. Lord, we thank you,
Father. We thank you for our president.
We thank you, Lord, for our vice
president. We thank you, Lord, for
all the things, for the financial wealth
transfer. We believe, Father, that
there's major days ahead for financial
wealth to transfer from the wealth of
the sinner laid up for the righteous,
Father, that we're always in the
right place at the right time doing
exactly what you've called us to do. We
apply the blood of Jesus over our
everything, Father, that we're always
staying vertical. We're always staying
looking at you and not looking
horizontal at what's going on around us.
We trust you, Father. We magnify you,
Father, and we thank you, Lord, for you
are good and your mercy endures forever.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised.
For your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing
praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
Lord, we praise you, Father.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more. Fill my
cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me
whole. Great change is coming.
Great change is coming.
It's like he said, you've entered into
the point of no return
of the birthing process.
I'm seeing great change coming.
Everything that you know right now is
about to change.
You say, "What does that
mean?"I'm
talking about a spiritual atmosphere.
There's an atmosphere that's
about to change.
It's like a paradigm
shift, a metamorphosis.
A caterpillar
in
a cocoon that's about
to be birthed into a beautiful
butterfly. What we see around us and the
spiritual atmosphere,
it's changing.
We've never seen what we're about to
see.
We've never seen or experienced
atmospheres like we're about to
experience where the glory comes in so
heavy that people can't even get up out
of their chair.
A shifting is taking place.
A shifting is taking place. I'm telling
you,
fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me
whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come
and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
I lift it up
and make me whole.
Father, we worship you today.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
I am the clay.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make
me.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way,
Lord. Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
Change us, Father,
is what I pray.
Mold me and make me.
Mold us and make us, Lord.
Mold us and make us, Lord. You are the
potter.
You are the potter, Lord.
Oh God, we thank you, Lord, that we stay
on that potter's wheel and we don't get
off.
We go from glory to glory. He's changing
us
from glory to glory. He's changing me,
changing
me,
me. His likeness and image to
perfect in me. The love of God shown to
the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world
from glory to glory. He's changing me,
changing me, changing me, his likeness
and image to perfect in me. The love of
God shown to the world. For he's
changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to
the
heavenlies,
his likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Glory to glory. From
glory to glory, he's changing me. I like
that. He's such a wonderful God.
Changing me, changing me, His likeness
and image to perfect in me. The love of
God shown to the world. For he's
changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to
the
heavenlies.
Oh,
progress
they're
going
to
make
in the days ahead. You're going to see
them manipulate DNA.
DNA on animals.
I see prehistoric animals coming back.
A woolly mammoth is going to come back
soon.
I want you to hear me. I
see a woolly mammoth coming back soon,
major-looking
dinosaurs. They're going to try to find
DNA like they do in Jurassic Park.
But I see a woolly mammoth,
a clone, a hybrid woolly mammoth in a
zoo
for attraction,
playing around with nature that has
been extinct—a
hairy-looking
elephant.
What is that all about?
This is China.
A sabertooth tiger.
A
sabertooth
tiger.
I see how they find the DNA. There's
something here where they're trying to
cross it.
I know they've done this with dogs,
but you're about to see this on a
greater scale than what you've ever
dreamed you could see.
Bringing back
endangered and extinct animals,
extinct species,
bringing them back.
They're not in pure form.
They're playing around with things they
shouldn't be playing around with.
This is genetically splicing DNA and
doing things in labs. I see dark
things in these labs
playing with
super weird human-looking things,
like really weird
super—these
look like human beings
but they don't have—the Lord said they
don't have a soul.
They're splicing animal and human
beings.
They're playing around with the DNA of animals
and humans.
What in the world am I seeing right now?
Father,
he said, "You're going to see things you
never dreamed you would see
with AI technology."Do you hear me?
With AI. He said, "You're going to see
things you never dreamed you would see
in the days ahead with AI technology,
splicing human beings and creating
things prehistoric, doing
things."And
these things
are
like human-looking forms, almost like
a gorilla,
but with white skin. It looks like the pigment of this thing is white,
and
it
is
not hairy.
What in the world is that? It
is
harvesting organs
for hearts. Harvesting organs—it
is a market.
This is dark.
They are
harvesting organs,
trying to make things.
There is
no soul to it,
if
you know what I am trying
to say. This is dark: hearts, livers,
kidneys, parts. They
are
creating things in labs
for
longevity,
parts that don't wear out as fast
for a longer life.
Does that make sense? They
are
playing around with nature
through AI technology and demonic
things. It's dark.
Superhumans is what I am hearing in the
word.
How would that give you
a longer life? Your
body still wears down.
Lord, what am I seeing, Father?
That is weird and dark, Father.
I hear them trying
to find the fountain of youth
through genetic modification.
But seedtime and harvest never cease.
There is
a time to plant, a time
to reap, a time to live, and
a time to die. He just said that
is
the law,
and they are trying to overthrow the law
of seedtime and harvest, of living
and dying, trying to create
superhumans—what
I
have
never designed.
Stepping in with the laws of nature and
creating this is demonic.
This is
a stench to His nose,
and
there
are
demonic spirits
behind this.
They
are
possessed. This is
like a demonic apparatus.
You see the eyes of these
creatures, and there is no soul. It is dark,
like incubation in an
embryonic sac,
like the embryonic sac with the fluid. I see
the fluid, and it has a light in there
like a
heater.
It
is
a glowing little light, about
this big, and there
are
bubbles making the embryonic fluid move
around.
It even has an umbilical
cord-looking
thing,
and they have long-looking legs. They
are
splicing genetics with animals that live
a long time,
taking things that live a long time.
This is very gross. I
see it so clearly.
There are
labs.
This isn't just China.
I cannot say the other
place I see right now. I am
in the lab;
I see it. I
can tell you where
this place is located, but I
am
not permitted to say.
The
lights are
not yellow; they are white.
It's a race between the two. There
is
even another place.
I see CERN
right now. I see the hadron collider.
But there is more than one CERN.
I see another one
being
created, another hadron collider. This
one looks bigger than
the one in Europe.
This is in China,
trying to open the door
to find new dimensions. There
is
going to be an accident. It
like trying to create a black hole,
stronger than any kind of nuclear
energy
you can
comprehend—an
energy that never dies.
I don't know how to put a word to
it.
It's not
physics.
It looks
like a black hole. There
are
all these little lights
around it, but in the center, it is
completely black and it's breathing.
This hole is moving as
if
it
is
alive, and
it is
a dimension,
a portal. That's what the Holy
Spirit is saying. It's a portal, Brandon. They
are
trying to create
portals.
They
are
genetically modifying food on
an
even greater scale.
The Lord said this is not even really
considered food;
what they are doing to it,
they
are
messing with it so much.
It looks like some kind of bean—some kind of soy
substance that they are
messing with
to bring protein into it as an
alternative source.
This
AI,
they
are
taking things and
doing things. Now I'm seeing
hospitals and the medical field again.
It's a race,
like
a
space race.
Remember this, it's a space race, but
an industrial revolution. Who's going to
be the top person with this? Where
does the money come from? It's all out
of greed.
Splicing
humans, splicing animals, playing
with AI, doing things to become the
world leader in AI. Who is the world
leader in AI?
I see capital A,
lowercase i.
Who is the leader of this new
industrial revolution? America was
the first one, and they are trying to make
this AI. China wants to be the next one
because they are trying to
harness
AI.
Then I see AI in Europe, but
America is trying to... and I
cannot go any further into
that.
The
Lord said He wants to go in a different
direction now.
I see these underground cities again.
I see an underground city in China.
They
are
arks.
The
Lord
said that is an ark, they
are
calling
it an ark,
like Noah's ark.
They know something is coming,
and
they
are
not allowing the
public to know about it
around the world
because
it would cause mass chaos.
Many don't realize how truly bad
tribulation will be.
He is painting the
picture of the stench that is coming up
before Him with what they are doing with
scientific, demonic stuff. They are trying
to change the human race. They
are
trying to
change the human race,
making things like Nephilim,
the fallen angels, how
they bred with women and created
giants.
He said they are changing things, as in the days of
Noah. They are trying to change
what I created perfect, which was man
in My image. They are trying to
change My image. This is
Satan's doing, and he is splicing it
to change human DNA,
trying to make
humans into something that is not Me. They are trying
to make a superhuman
by
splicing to make them live
longer—fountain
of youth, demonic stuff,
creating these demonic cyborg humans.
And He says they are playing with fire.
'I am God, and
I made you perfect in My
image.'They
are taking AI in
laboratories
and
trying to modify human DNA. They
are
playing with fire.
The cup of sin is full, and there is a
race to see who can perfect it.
It
is
like the Tower of Babel
with AI.
Nothing can stand in our way.
I hear them: "Nothing can stand
in our way anymore."We can do anything
with this—with AI, we can do anything
with this. We can create the fountain of
youth. I hear them bragging. We can
create things with the
Hadron
collider. We can create dimensions. We
can create superfoods. We can
create—I
saw, you know, it like an ark. We can create a
new genetic modification of human life
with our mind and with what we can make,
making
it better than what was,
out of arrogance and pride. They play
with this
in their laboratories, splicing DNA and
computers. I see them taking little
droppers, and they're taking things, and
they're making things.
They're creating, and they're putting it
together,
and they're trying to create human life
and sustain it without a woman—making
it
like what the Lord said,
like Captain America.
You know when they did that in the movie,
and they put all that stuff on him, and
he got really big and muscly,
playing around with stuff.
Does that make sense?
What the Lord is showing me, I see this.
I'm trying to paint a picture for the
people who are watching right
now of what they're doing. And the Lord
said, "This is what they're
doing."And
they've been doing this for several
years, but it
has
exploded. And He said, "And you want to
know why this is coming so quickly?
We're running out of
time."Ladies
and gentlemen,
man's
knowledge is getting out of control with
this stuff, and it's exploding.
Knowledge is increasing, but they're
doing demonic, dark things with it. We're
out of time. The Lord says
they're trying to take what was pure and
perfect and make it into something
that is not human
anymore—a
new species, a new everything.
It's dark.
That's why I'm telling you, it's judged
by fire. There's so much here.
How does a
tortoise, one of those big turtles,
live so long? And they're trying to
figure out how to splice that DNA with
humans somehow to make them live
longer—hearts,
organs, replenishing, trying
to create superhumans to live longer.
They're calling it the fountain of
youth.
I don't know if it's a shot. I don't
know if it's organ transplants. I
don't know this part yet, but I'm
telling you, this is dark. And
that's when the Lord said, "There's a
time to live, and there's a time to die;
there's a time to plant, and there's a
time to
reap."I
see a
starfish right now.
How does a starfish grow back its
legs, trying to figure out how to grow
back things?
I see a starfish right now
and a worm. I just saw it went from a
starfish to a worm to the thing, and
it's scientific, taking
it, and this
is dark—trying
to use AI to mess with things.
Super strength.
I see a great big
gorilla.
Super strength,
because a gorilla is a very strong,
massive
animal.
Because its DNA is closest to a human.
He's saying, "Do you hear
that?"Because
it's like they're trying, I don't
know—you
know what I'm saying? I don't
want to say that because it sounds
ignorant to me, but it's like
they're trying to compare a gorilla
to a human, using super
strength—like
making super-strong people,
super soldiers,
super-strong
people able to jump,
climb, you know. I thank You, Father. I
thank You for what You reveal. I thank
You, Father, that You show me that which
is to come. We worship You, Father.
You're so good to us. Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord. We warn the people.
Lord, I thank You for how good You've
been to us, and You show us what's
coming and what these people are trying
to do. They're very evil, Father. And
Father, I understand why tribulation is
bad. I get it. They're trying to mess
with what You said was perfect. We're
made in Your image, and You're perfect.
We get it. Father, there's nothing a man
can do to splice it with an animal to
try to make it live longer. Father,
I thank You, Father, that I'm fearfully
and wonderfully made in Your image.
Lord, we thank You, Father,
like they tried to mess up the DNA with
women and angels, making
superhumans,
trying to make Goliaths in the earth.
And You flooded the earth and You
destroyed it. You just flooded it and
destroyed it because of what they did.
Father, I thank You. Sin was full. And
Lord, as in the days of Noah, they're
trying to mess with the DNA again,
creating strange humans.
You're trying to warn what's coming.
Lord, we love You. We always will
glorify You, and we'll bring in this
harvest. We'll bring in the harvest. Oh
God, we love You. He said, "You're
running out of time.
Man's knowledge is increasing, and it's
darker and darker.
You're running out of
time."You
see it?
But they're splicing things. They're
doing things. And they're determined,
like it was with the Tower of Babel.
Reprobate minds.
He said, "I just showed you another
glimpse of something that you have never
known."It's
dark. Do you
see? And He was showing—we've seen about the finances, we see about the
stuff about
the portals, things they're
doing. He has warned us. But this is
something even darker.
Father, He said, "Pray over the
families, and then you're
dismissed from this prayer
period."Father,
we pray over the families in Texas,
for the people who lost their lives. For
the families that are
grieving, we lift them up before You. We
lift them up before You. And we thank
You, Father. We thank You, Lord, that
You're bringing comfort to the
grieving.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that though
they were dead, yet shall they live;
that there'll be a supernatural touch on
these little girls and they'll get up
from that grave,
they'll get up from that deathbed. We
thank You, Lord, that they'll all be
found and that not any of them will be
lost. Everybody will be found and
accounted for in the name of Jesus. And
we thank You for supernatural
protection—supernatural
protection right now in
Jesus'name.
Supernatural protection,
Father, over every person, if they're
hanging,
if they're in a tree, if they're in
harm's way: angelic visitation and
manifestation right now in the name of
Jesus.
Right now in the name of Jesus, we call
forth protection over every single one
that's still alive. We thank You, Lord,
that they'd be found in Jesus'name. And
Father, I thank You that this demonic
engineering of weather modification and
weather warfare, like You told us was
coming, this is just the beginning. For
I've seen great hurricanes
trying to come up this
year—superstorms
coming up to the Gulf, coming
up through the Atlantic, coming up these
areas—superstorms,
winds, and snowstorms, and things like
we've never seen before.
Thank You, Father, that
we can pray and we call peace
in the storm, just like Jesus. For as He
is, so are we in this world. And we can
call peace to the storms and the rain.
Thank You, Father, that we draw closer
and closer to You and further from this
world,
that we are in Your hands. We
are seated at Your throne, doing exactly
what we're supposed to be doing at all
times. We plead the blood of Jesus over
us. And as we see these evil days
approaching, Father, I thank You, the
glory of the Lord is rising in us.
Rising, Father! Arise, shine, for
the light has come, and the glory of the
Lord is risen upon us. We praise You,
Father.
Healing over our bodies, that
You made us, fearfully and wonderfully
made. We praise You, Father. We worship
You, Father.
Oh,
thank You, Father. We give You praise,
Father, for what You're doing in us. We
thank You, Lord, for Your greater work.
Thank You, Lord, that we'll do greater
works in the name of Jesus. Father, we
lay hands on the sick and they will
recover. We cast out devils.
Freely we've been given, and freely we
give it out. For You are good, and Your
mercy endures forever. For you are good
and your mercy endures forever. Father,
we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord,
that we put a kink in the enemy's
plans to create these
genetically modified people.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
The Lord said, 'Brandon,
do you not see
they want depopulation so they can
live longer with less of
you?'Do
you see they want to—I see the
rat again—creating a supervirus to wipe
out the people and then let the other
people live a long time,
sterilizing like I told you. You see,
remember the youth, the young
people not being able to create, because
it was the 20 and 30-year-olds? I saw
them not being able to make
children. But it's like the
ultra-rich
want to live longer and
live like kings
with these
arks,
trying to escape the
people, going in their
bunkers, living away while they
exterminate, and when they come back out they
are
like, 'Hey, we can live a long
time.'It's
just sick.
Their mind is so warped,
just pride and arrogance, and
just the way they are.
Thank God for the glory. I
heard, 'Thank God for the
glory.'Thank
God for the glory, you all. Thank God
for the glory. No matter what they try
to do, God's got a plan. He's not
going to let all that happen. Do you
hear what He's saying?
The glorious church rise. The
glorious church puts a kink
in
all this twisted stuff. The things
I'm trying to tell you are what they're
doing
behind closed doors. But the Lord is
saying, 'You have a harvest to do. This
is why tribulation is coming.'Do you
understand, ladies and gentlemen? This
is why tribulation and the judgment is
coming—all
these things I'm telling you they're
doing behind closed doors. But God's
bringing in a harvest and a
cleansing of things. And the world's
about to be judged by fire. The
tribulation's about to begin, and it's
going to be bad days. You people don't
realize how bad it's going to be because
of what they're trying to do
in
rebellion. The cup of sin is full. But
God's bringing in a harvest. He's
bringing in this last harvest, this last
push. And I'm telling you, seven
years of really hard times,
three and a half years of really, really
hard times. But I'm telling you, it's
going to be hell on earth, which people
don't realize. And
it will have to be shortened because
nobody would survive it. There are going
to be some bad things happen.
When you start doing this, and
start splicing human DNA and doing these
things, trying to create
superhumans—all
these things—I'm telling you, from what
I just saw, I understand why He's a
little ticked off. Not a little ticked
off, He is really ticked off. But I'm
just saying, it makes you
go, 'My
goodness.'Things
they say they can't do. But God,
I'm telling you, the glory of the
Lord, the glory of the Lord. It's not
just about getting the chip in your hand
and changing you. It's so
much more they're trying to do, because
the devil wants
to defile the human temple because we're
created in the image of God. As a
mockery,
he despises that we're created in His
image and we look like Him. Do you
understand? So, in that, he tries to
distort what God made perfect, saying,
'You're made in my image,
you're my child.'And he's like, 'We'll
just tinker and mess it all
up with the Nephilim,
fallen angels, and giants.'Now, 'I'm going to
mess it up with AI, as in the days of
Noah. I'm going to mess it all up, and
I'm going to smear.'He
is
rebellious.
He hates our Father.
And I'm telling you, his days are
numbered, and he's going to burn in hell
for eternity. Glory to God. His days are
numbered, ladies and gentlemen. But
we're going to bring in the harvest
for the Father, and we're going to bring
it in quickly. And I'm telling you, the
return of our Savior—He is coming.
Glory to God. Well, I appreciate you
joining me today. I know that was
probably a little different, but
that's what He had. He wanted to warn
you about what's coming and how they're
trying to mess up things. But folks,
we ain't worried about all that. Glory
to God. God has a plan for every single
one of us. I
know that was dark—it was dark for
me—but
a little different. But that's
what the Holy Ghost had to say today.
And I thank Him, Father,
that He'd visit us and show us more of
what these people are doing.
Well, thank you for joining me. We'll be
back soon. We're going to do another
video with you. We'll pray; we'll do
more prayer. I want you to like,
subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Thank you for your support; we truly
appreciate it. As our ministry grows and
all the things that are happening
with our lives, and we see God's
hand in all of it, we just want to say
thank you. Thank you for liking,
subscribing, clicking the notification, and saying
something nice down below. Remember, we
love you, we pray for you, and we
want to thank you for joining
us each and every time you come to
pray with us. Diana says hello.
She's answering emails.
If you haven't received your Bible yet,
please be patient with us. Diana is
working hard to get the Bibles out
through Amazon. If you live in another
country, it's very hard. We cannot send
Bibles out to places like Africa and
England and everything else.
We're trying to reach the
American audience because that's where
our Amazon accounts and stuff are right
now. But we just want to tell you
we're praying for you, we love you, and
we'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much, and we love you. God bless you all,
and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.